Let's start cleaning up the resources we just created.
Go ahead and go over to the Kinesis Data Analytics
application section, click the application we just had, and
then go to Actions and Delete application,
and then you have to click Delete application again. After you click
Delete application, just wait for the application to finish
deleting. Now, it should look something like this after that's done,
but regardless of what happens,
you'll need to go back over to the left side of the screen and go
to the Data Streams section too, because you also need to delete
the data stream that you created.
That's really a lot of what you'll be getting charged for.
So click on that check box, and click Delete,
and you might also have to type in delete to confirm you want to remove
this stream. Now, one other thing you might want to do is go back to your
Python interpreter and press Ctrl+C or Command+D to interrupt the script
that's running and make sure that it's not sending data anymore into the
AWS Kinesis Data Stream.
You might get an error like this if you delete the stream
before you stop the script from running.
Don't worry if you get that error. Just make sure that
you're going back into AWS and making sure that those
resources you created are now deleted.
And lastly, if you had decided to deliver data anywhere inside of AWS,
make sure that you realize that if it's in somewhere
like S3 or another AWS service,
you might be paying for storage inside of that service, so you might end up needing to clean up resources on that end too.